add chengdu chapter README (#5)
ProtoSchool/chengdu: README.md

We are a group of people passionate about the decentralized web and excited to learn, teach, and share ideas. Everyone is welcome!

> We focus on building IPFS ecosystem (Decentralized Storage Network) cooperate with [Protocol Labs](https://protocol.ai/).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We focus on building the ecosystem around [IPFS](https://ipfs.io/), an open source decentralized networking protocol sponsored by [Protocol Labs](https://protocol.ai/).  
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting this change to the way IPFS is to described to avoid the  common misconception that it is identical to Filecoin, the decentralized storage network. If you are hoping to discuss both projects in your chapter, perhaps you could edit this to:
```md 
We focus on building the ecosystem around [IPFS](https://ipfs.io/) (a decentralized networking protocol), and [Filecoin](https://filecoin.io/) (a cryptocurrency-powered decentralized storage network), both open source projects sponsored by [Protocol Labs](https://protocol.ai/).
```

Author: Teri, I am glad to accept all your comments!

> Everyone is welcome to join us to learn, to preach, to research, to develop, to share ideas of the amazing tech together!   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone is welcome to join us to learn, to promote, to research, to develop, and to share ideas of the amazing tech together!   
```

Reviewer: I'm suggesting this change to remove the religious connotation and make more people feel welcome. :)

:raised_hands:
## Preliminaries

Everyone should read Code of Conduct below firstly ！

> Everyone should follow this [Chapter Chengdu Slides Template](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1itLIYBr_z9MgsueJFT2ckAJs56Xuq3T-LlG59kQljb4/edit)

Reviewer: This link appears to go to a document that is not publicly available. Could that be changed?

This repo support two language :[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lang-English-blue.svg)](README.md)  [![jaywcjlove/sb](https://jaywcjlove.github.io/sb/lang/chinese.svg)](README-zh.md)   

## Meetup

> * [Chapter Chengdu Kickoff Meetup](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1itLIYBr_z9MgsueJFT2ckAJs56Xuq3T-LlG59kQljb4/edit)

Reviewer: This link appears to go to a document that is not publicly available. Could that be changed?

> * [Chapter Chengdu Meetup - July 2019]()

Reviewer: You're likely already aware of it, but this link is broken. I recommend using GitHub issues to announce new events and linking to them from your README.
